Mitsubishi Electric - Software Developer Candidate exercise

Develop a C# Console Application for a simple drawing app that renders different shapes known as widgets on a
canvas. A widget represents a shape that can be drawn on a canvas within the application. The system will comprise
of different widgets, each able to render their unique features.


Widgets
Widgets have the following attributes:
 Name - a string giving a widget a unique name e.g. square, circle.
 X Coordinate - an integer that horizontally positioning the widget.
 Y Coordinate - an integer that vertically positioning the widget.
Widgets also need to provide a Draw() method which can handle how a particular widget renders itself.


Shapes
The application needs to provide the following shapes derived from widgets described above:

Square
 Positioned using X and Y coordinates.
 Has its own size: height multiplied by width.
 Renders size and X/Y positions via its Draw method

Rectangle
 Positioned using X and Y coordinates.
 Has its own size: height multiplied by width.
 Has height and width attributes unique to rectangles.
 Renders size, height, width and X/Y positions via its Draw method

Circle
 Positioned using X and Y coordinates.
 Has its own size which is the area of the circle (Area = pi * radius squared).
 Renders size, and X/Y position via its Draw method

Ellipse
 Positioned using X and Y coordinates.
 Has its own size which is the area of the ellipse (Area = axis a * axis b * pi).
 Has a horizontal and vertical diameter unique to ellipses.
 Renders size, horizontal diameter, vertical diameter and X/Y positions via its Draw method

Text Box
 Derives from rectangle.
 Has a background colour.
 Provides a Text attribute allowing string data to be set as the rendered content of the rectangle.
 Renders size, height, width, X/Y positions, background colour and text content via its Draw method.
 If no text content has been supplied, the background colour defaults to red when the Draw method provides
background colour as part of its output.


Canvas
The application will provide a Canvas for displaying the rendered content of widgets which will have:
 Ability to add multiple widgets to the canvas so each can be rendered according to the unique rendering of
each widget.
 Ability to print to the console the rendered output of each widget added to the canvas.
As this is a simple Console Application, you are not expected to render any graphical output or write code to
actually draw the widgets. Simple text displaying the widget output will suffice, for example:
Square (x:10, y:10) height=50 width=50